There are two properties of our algorithm.

1) Each programmer is eventually hired by a company (and so the algorithm
eventually stops), and

2) when the algorithm stops, the pairings are satisfactory.

---

To see the first property, let's try to prove a contradiction. Suppose that
programmer P has gotten to the end of their preferences list and still isn't
hired. Then some company C must not have an employee.

Now, P must have interviewed with C at some point in the past. If C doesn't
have any employees now, they must not have had any employees back then, either.

(There's no way for a company to have an employee at one point and then lose
that employee; if they fire one programmer, they always hire another to replace
the one they lost.)

But, since C didn't have any employees when P interviewed with them, C would
have hired P.

So, by contradiction, P must be hired before they get all the way through their
list of preferences.

---

To see the second property, let's prove another contradiction. Suppose that
programmer P is with company BadC, and company C has employed programmer BadP.
Suppose this is an unsatisfactory pairing, that is, P would much rather work
at C, and C would much rather employ P.

Now, P interviews with companies in order from P's favorite to P's least
favorite. So, since P likes C better than BadC, P would have interviewed with C
before BadC.

Now, consider that interview. Either C hired P, or they didn't. In either case,
there's no way they could have ended up with BadP later.

If C hired P, then they must have later fired P in favor of a programmer they
liked more. But every time C hires a new programmer, they always hire someone
they liked better than the all of their old programmers. There's no way they
could have hired BadP then, since they don't like BadP any better than C.

Similarly, if C didn't hire P, they must have already had a programmer P-prime
they liked more than P. In that case, they couldn't have traded up for BadP,
since they like P-prime better than they like BadP.

So, by contradiction, unsatisfactory pairings cannot exist when the algorithm
terminates.